This is the ChessCpp help. ChessCpp is a program written in C++ that allows you to play a simulate a game of chess, and to play against a basic chess AI.

Capitalization of commands does not matter. All commands will be spelled in capital letters.
Below are the complete list of commands to use the program:

Core
  "HELP"/"H" - Show this help message.
  "PLAYERN"/"PN" - Set the player to null. When the game starts, ChessCpp will not play any moves.
  "PLAYERW"/"PW" - Set the player to play White. When the game starts, ChessCpp will play as Black.
  "PLAYERB"/"PB" - Set the player to play Black. When the game starts, ChessCpp will play as White.
  "START" - Starts the chess game.
  "RESET" - Resets the chess game, allowing for a fresh game to be played.
  "QUIT"/"Q" - Quits ChessCpp.

Playing moves:
  Moves are played, and pieces moved, by entering exactly 4 characters. The first two characters are the coordinates of the starting square of a particular piece. The last two characters are the coordinates of the ending square of that piece again. e.g. "e2e4" to move the piece on e2 to e4.

  There are three exceptions to the above rule:
    1) If the move to be made is a promotion, enter the 4 characters as detailed above, followed by an "=", followed by the letter of the piece to be promoted to, e.g. "g7g8=N" to promote a pawn to a knight on g8. If no piece is specified, the pawn automatically promotes to a queen.
    2) If the move to be made is castling kingside, enter "0-0".
    3) If the move to be made is castling queenside, enter "0-0-0".

Utility:
  "UNDO"/"UN" - Undoes the last move. Cannot be used when playing against ChessCpp.

QOL:
  "VALID"/"V" - Shows all legal moves that the current player can play.
  "CAPTURED"/"CAP" - Shows all the currently captured pieces.
  "HISTORY"/"HIS" - Shows all the moves played in the game so far.
  "DISPLAY"/"D" - Forces ChessCpp to print the chessboard.

Cosmetic:
  "SIZES"/"SS" - Sets the chessboard to a small size.
  "SIZEM"/"SM" - Sets the chessboard to a medium size.
  "SIZEL"/"SL" - Sets the chessboard to a large size.
  "TOGGLEF"/"TF" - Toggle the orientation of the chessboard.
  "TOGGLEC"/"TC" - Toggle showing the coordinates at the side of the chessboard.